Or writes on the last lecture I give you some examples on how to use middleware right.
Well in this lecture right here we're going to actually build something that makes a little bit more
sense and that way you can see the use of it.
Right.
First of all let's just come in this hour real quick here we can have two returns because only one return
to Q.
But anyway let's go we have a rule made away here.
So actually let's make use of that.
All right.
Let's clean this up a little bit.
OK.
So this is what we're going to do.
We're going to create a Rolls table and we're going to keep a role for the user there.
And we're going to create a model where there's going to the detect if the user is a has a role of the
admin.
All right so let's first create a migration for that.
That's the first thing that we've got to do is just make sure that our migrations set up so BHP OROSZ
and make migration.
And then we say actually will create a model call roll that we go is good enough and less than me using
this shoos me.
All right we have the roll right here.
Okay.
The next step is we need to create a relationship.
All right.
Now one thing that I wanted to do is I want to go to the the user's migration and insert user ID.
OK.
So let's say this go here to the users and just because we don't have that much information let's just
it's not a user id I'm sorry a role Id just because we don't we don't have that much information that
going to create a table.
Next your column with the migration but I'm just going to refresh it.
All right.
So let's just do this integer and we're going to say we're already here.
OK.
And we've seen a refresh or migrations and here rolls and let's create a rule name.
Real quick.
All right.
So that's the first thing we've got to do.
And this to PH BE is my great refresh.
All right cool.
Now let's set up our relationship real quick.
Let's go to the user and actually the to the to the rule.
And here we are going to do the protected and choose me.
I want to make sure that the name is available for us to use.
All right.
And let's go back to the user and let's create this relationship here and we're going to say roll we
go and we're going to return this belongs to Kerry and we go whoops.
All right.
So I think we're done during this first part we have the migration.
We created a new
column here user ID on the roll ID.
OK.
And the next thing for us to do is you know create the middleware and then just create a couple of more
functionalities there so that where you can see how we can use the middle Where's when detecting when
filtering HGT be requesting or application is going to be pretty cool.
So I want you to pay very close attention and don't skip these lectures are super important for your
development.
Anyway thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lectures